readme: add a basic flake usage example (#1468)
rycee/home-manager: README.md

in your Home Manager configuration.

Flakes
------

> Home Manager includes a flake.nix for compatibility with nixos flakes that wish
> to use it as a nixos module. An crude example of such usage follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Manager includes a flake.nix for compatibility with NixOS flakes that wish
to use it as a module. A bare-minimum flake.nix would be as follows:
```

> Home Manager includes a flake.nix for compatibility with [NixOS flakes](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) that wish
> to use it as a module. A bare-minimum flake.nix would be as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Perhaps something like
```suggestion
Home Manager includes a `flake.nix` for compatibility with [NixOS flakes](https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Flakes) for those
that wish to use it as a module. A bare-minimum `flake.nix` would be as follows:
```
?

```nix
{
  description = "NixOS configuration";

  inputs = {
    nixpkgs.url = "github:nixos/nixpkgs/nixos-unstable";
    home-manager.url = "github:rycee/home-manager";
  };

>   outputs = inputs: {

Reviewer 3: Thanks a lot. I also found the following snippet useful:

https://github.com/Mic92/dotfiles/blob/master/nixpkgs-config/homes.nix#L5

Here is how I use it to build home-manager in CI:

https://github.com/Mic92/dotfiles/blob/master/flake.nix#L85

Do you think it is worth adding as well?

Reviewer: If @bqv can come up with a decent example, I think it would definitely be useful to see how to use the provided `lib` function -- especially since I haven't seen many people using it (you were actually the first).

Author: ( It's actually @kisik21 who created and uses it, I don't :P )

Author: So, I'm not massively confident on the usage of this function, and I think it might be impolite to link directly to your config as an example of it :sweat_smile: I'll leave this for now, as at least those who wish to use it might want to use it have the direct use as a fallback, and this can still be amended later

Reviewer 3: Ok. I might add an example later. It works great for me.

    nixosConfigurations = {

>       myHostname = let

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      hostname = let
```

        system = "x86_64-linux";
        pkgs = inputs.nixpkgs.legacyPackages.${system};
        inherit (inputs.nixpkgs) lib;

        specialArgs = {
          inherit inputs;

>         }; # Things in this set are passed to modules (e.g. lib, pkgs, inputs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        }; # Things in this set are passed to modules and accessible in the top-level arguments (e.g. `{ pkgs, lib, inputs, ... }:`)
```

        hm-nixos-as-super = { config, ... }: {

>           # This module amends home-manager by updating the users submodule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # Submodules have merge semantics, making it possible to amend the home-manager submodule for additional functionality.
```

>           # Submodules have merge semantics, making it possible to amend the `home-manager.users` submodule for additional functionality

Reviewer 2: Might help readability to break these long comments?

Author: Fair point! Should look better now :)

>           options.home-manager.users = inputs.nixpkgs.lib.mkOption {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          options.home-manager.users = lib.mkOption {
```

(Since you `inherit (inputs.nixpkgs) lib` above)

            type = lib.types.attrsOf (lib.types.submoduleWith {
              modules = [ ];
              # Makes specialArgs available to home-manager modules as well
              specialArgs = specialArgs // {
                super = config; # access the parent NixOS configuration from h-m
              };
            });
          };
        };

        modules = [

>           (./hosts + "/${hostname}/configuration.nix")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ./configuration.nix
```

Just keep this simple (especially because `hostname` is not bound here).
